Okay, yeah
Okay.
Wait. No, okay. I don't know is middle or if it were Morth... Mu...
Mordor... eh. Okay.
I don't want to live there.
Wait. Okay, I don't remember the names of all the places.
Where is...
Rohan. Isengard.
Yeah.
Wait. Is...
Where Rohan is, is that Middle Earth? Okay, maybe Rohan.
Oh, everything is a rock. Rohan.
Èowyn and Èomer.
Yeah.
So, you'll live in Isengard?
Morgoth. What happens in Morgoth?
I don't know the names of the place, but I remember.
Yeah.
Okay.
They could be mean.
Yeah....
Gondor.
Lord of the ring movie, favorite scene...
Okay.
Yeah.
Be... um.
Oh.
Yeah?...
Oh, I like the tip.
the very ending of the book where like
before it comes back. And they like...
They rally everybody to like fight like elves. Ooh...
What...
It's... it is fine. I was like Oh
They're all grown up now.
Right. right. And then I'm like... oh...
It's just it's...
It's so nice where you have the helpless little almost child like
The Hobbit, and at the end they all... yeah.
yeah
Yeah.
Oh, the other scene that the movie cut out is like that where Èowyn
and what, what was the name of that dude, they kind of get together?
or grow to... Yeah.
Where they... I, I like that development,
of that relationship which
you don't see it all in the movie and...
Yeah.
But... It was just right.
Just right, but you, you see that change in time.
Yeah.
Or, I think they could have made a book on this that's that too.
Like...